hey guys and welcome to another Dark
Souls 2 video before this video starts
I'd like to let you all know that the
gear used in shown in this video has not
been used in PvP and will not be used
for PvP reasons after the end of this
informational video they will likely be
deleted or just left on the character
and left alone until the dlc comes
around which is only in a couple of days
so I hope you all enjoy this pre-emptive
look at some of the gear and thank you
the first piece of DLC equipment will be
looking at as the sanctum knight armor
the sanctum knight armor is a medium
weight armor set with a relatively high
starting defense for its weight the
starting defense upgrade of the full set
is right around 800 a blunt defense
being the only one i've said it the
other ones being 790 ish the boots have
a special particle effect when you're
wearing them as well as a special effect
that stops falling damage which I
imagine this particle effects seems to
emulate this is completely new and added
to the DLC boots only next off we'll be
looking at the sanctum repeating
crossbow the sanctum repeating crossbow
is a ballista like crossbow that has the
only known scaling of crossbows in the
game so far aside from its regular
counterpart the sanctum repeating
crossbow requires 20 strength 15 dex 10
faith and 10 intelligence and has a CCI
in dark as a special ability which will
shoot dark bolts out of the front of it
at a cost of step is the sanctum
crossbow just like it's repeating
counterpart against dark inherent damage
has a ski ceiling and dark requires 10
faith and 10 intelligence to use and as
a special or two which will allow it to
shoot dark bolts
generally a really big one the other one
shooting multiple little ones much more
than the actual boat would shoot itself
they both upgraded the twinkling
titanite the next item on our list is
the sanctum ice sanctum maze requires 35
strength and six decks to wield it has a
be scanned and strength to start off at
upgrading the twinkling titanite path
sanctum mace is generally special aside
from the other weapons in the game as it
has another varying move set default Lee
being a club in one hand if the arches
and are ones but standing up when you
switch to two hands getting the LAN
spoke and then an overhead to a hand
club swing also the two hand are tues
don't out that is the second to none or
two you do using a number code it also
poisons you / swing for some reason next
up on our list is the rightful axe a
boss weapon formed the dlc aside from
being impeccably heavy large and having
very good scaling there's really nothing
special about the lemon it has a typical
Albert move set aside from the second r1
and r1 being a swing from the side
reminding mostly of the scythe which I
think has the exact same move set the
weapon has a bc scaling and strength
index but requires 20 strength 22 ducks
and 28 phase the wheels it's a boss
weapon so it upgrades with dragon bones
so it might take a while to get upgraded
next up on our list is your spear
following the stigma of tremendous stats
for tremendous damage this weapon has 30
strength to 25 dex required to use it
having a cbc alien a relatively high
starting AR it upgrades down twinkling
titanite path and weighs 19 pounds
the weapon has a completely unique
moveset so instead of trying to name off
everything the moves that does I'm just
going to show you clips
next thing we're gonna be looking at is
the sanctum soldier gauntlet or
gauntlets because they're clearly two of
them on your player character there was
no other armored and grabbing the IDS
for the sanctum soldier set but there
may be more in the actual DLC when it
comes out the sanctum soldierguards have
a special effect which improve your
poison effect on all your weapons
essentially doubling it from the 555 it
was 207 if you're a movie you can
clearly see the difference externalist
are two relatively funny-looking
miscellaneous pieces I could not find
other sets for the flower skirt be not
very brightly seemingly out of place
skirt for the player character has very
high durability for the way it looks and
then the sanctum priestess tiara the
sanctum priest is TR are looking quite
ridiculous compared to other things as a
special effect which makes it's where
you can all or get spell blocked but it
lowers your attunement also pretty much
just looks see it makes you look a
retard next day of the Drake plug set in
the Drake blood great sword having
missing the shield code and the idea I
used to get these items there may be why
I added in the final DLC or this set
could just be used shield list the Drake
blood set as a twinkling titanite armor
and it weighs relatively light compared
to get our things and even the other
armor said we previously looked at inter
crazy tinkling tight night and has a
very nice finish to it the direct blood
great sword requires 20 strength and 18
decks to wield has oddly 34 magic and 34
lightning damage inherently upgrades the
twinkling titanite ways relatively
little compared to some of the other
great swords and as a during like weapon
moves out typically standard and quite
short for what it is next is the
puzzling stone sword having the lowest
state requirement out of all the weapons
we've seen so far it has an ian s
scaling ian strength s index having a
base damage 120 and only weigh in at two
pounds it seems to be a relatively good
weapon though it's the only of scaling
I've seen hair lay in the game alongside
the other things without having some
kind of upgrade or our fusion path put
on it has a short sword r2 r1
and then the heat nights or are ones
they are tubes are completely special in
this weapon making it wit moveset
looking very odd though kind of reminded
me of IV from Soul Calibur but there's
no chain so it just kind of looks out of
place it might be changed in the final
release but as if not come silly coming
close to closure here we have two items
in one because they go hand in hand the
sanctum shield I believe this isn't
going to be part with the actual sanctum
set you'll get because it said it was a
treasure of the sunken King and has much
higher lower aspects to it fully
upgraded it's actually quite useful of a
she'll then can cast miracles and spells
alongside the fact of the same we have
the only X and spell I'm going to be
showing for this DLC as to not spoil too
much the dark great sword it looks
impeccably like dark lurkers got great
sword you see him use but shoots a
projectile out of it it has a very very
I stat requirement compared to Seoul
great sword coming in at 55 and int and
29 face to use and requiring two slots
instead of one and having three uses
just like its counterpart
our last piece of apparel but are
certainly not least the crown of the
sunken king itself the Crown has no
special tributes and no special status
line men aside from just being a dry
clear twinkling tighten that upgrade it
has some interesting tidbits on more
that I'm not going to spoil for you guys
until the DLC actually comes out but
aside from that it's really just
decorative so that's it that's all the
spells and gear i'm gonna be showing you
till the actual dlc comes out i hope you
all enjoyed this informative video and
hope you can somehow get some knowledge
out of it and tide you over to the
actual dlc comes out as always have a
nice day